Thank you in advance for this
Today you will be able to hear a story with your guest Mr. Kazuhiro Mochida
Thank you for your event
Well , I would like to ask you today
July 12 a joint communication
340 tons of contaminated water for agricultural water
Under the title of approval of plan by JAEA
It was said that 340 tons of polluted water generated in Minamisoma City was being sent to a mother who used it for agricultural water
It is said
Yes The radiocesium control standards established by JAEA
Yes
Though it is less than the maximum grade 10 Becquer per 1 liter
Employees to
It contains 60 tons of water of 100 to 1201 becquerel over it.
Yes
The total amount of spilled radioactive material it's a thing Rutteyuu me at 16 million, but the Oiwa's now
What is the maximum of 10 becquerles per liter you mentioned?
If it is the value written in the law and the waste liquid of more nodes, take it out of the office,
It is the value with such a moat not to be
Japan because it
In order to be a company or a so-called researcher or something like this, this standard must
Although it is worth saying that only you have to keep
Also times liquid, such as those above it
Nuclear mechanism had and the attendant flow is like a kind of story that it was aware of it
Is it
This that the largest 10 becquerels much the same criteria you from the reference Yes long ago Tteyuu below
You will either Well Description
Historically speaking, the numbers have changed in detail, but from a long time ago
a. For the Tesem 137, the number 90 becquerels per liter
I think that it is continuing for about 20 years 30 years .
Say what when it comes go interest Patty paralysis Aso
Somehow it's probably Capa
Required Yes this is probably so wonder if not it was to this kind of thing because I got to remember
That
And it has already been 4 release large amounts of radioactive materials
First whole
It is that it is furiously dirty
It is no longer possible to manage it all under the public before
For that purpose, for example, ordinary people in the case of a staff should have 1 millisievert per year.
Though it was public until now
It is 203 that one does not have such a thing anymore
The government of Japan is in the place where people can live to say
Because that's already
In the situation where it can not be protected voluntarily that the concentration in the waste liquid can not be protected any more
It has become
So far also of the window and the other possibly because it is well aware also that the Japan Atomic Energy Piku
I think that's why I can not protect
I'd like to ask you to review that little bit, but this came out for decontamination
Ash I such that say the contaminated water is coming out in the work of the route
Well, that's what I say decontamination work
In the roof of the nursery school this high pressure washer example Yes it is or sink that groove
But it is normal
That basic first of Tteyuu the water
How are you saying you're collecting really ?
Don't let the water you used in high pressure washing go that way
Also for you but are supposed to be Collect
It takes But keep in to not be far from work when I do such a thing
That would next unpleasant Well then flow to is why came also to this because meet
5000 were also be I say drop fishing in the river was listed Well Asahi Shimbun before
But
Maybe I do it on a daily basis
I have no choice but I'm sure now it 's on the scene
When it comes to work, such one by one drainage large
It is also possible at first to pack and store all the pits for eating and everything today .
I think that you think is in perhaps the field to Fu say that there is no
If you're asking me that decontamination itself is probably that illusion
It is as you say and I think we close to fiction because that decontamination except for the dirt
Although it is not written
Dirt and what we are calling not take radioactivity
Original and never say turn off the radioactivity
Can not brook Speaking in its original meaning can not be the words and
You mentioned this program before in the earth, but Jen seems to be in line
Though we can only move the breast case
Because the money for the move has become too large
It 's supposed to be flowing all over the place anyway
Then Well Koide Well With its decontamination now take a look from the eyes of the teacher that this country is
Led to this overall but I think you're doing is making a that implementation plan
Do you think it makes sense to do this decontamination work?
I am the first to oppose that decontamination
The most important thing is to miss people in the contaminated area
By mistake is itself to say that I say can decontaminate contaminated areas do such of the was to
I think that there
However, this decontamination is what is called a decontamination business , so far gauge 6
Is Toka I built has promoted now
What I 've Ever Made If I Raised My Only Family Who Has Been Earned By Building A Nuclear Power Station
This because you're doing things like that that make money now and in the Korean business
If you invest about 11 billion yen in business budget, it is 9 volumes of 11 billion yen.
Hey, this one is sure to be hundreds of billions of yen
I think I spent maybe Toka fueled in 2011, 2012
Thousands would have standing to billion yen recorded in there now seed fiscal 2012 national budget here
Decontamination costs Yes Takane about 3700 Burger pass
So it's a long time ago that the water that I had washed away into the cow water is out there, but I don't know where to go
Right
He will eventually go to luck while being used for agricultural water through
It deviates from the efficacy pure also in the meantime in this underground
I swear where I'm in the basement while dirtying the classic putter that of course the bar
By the by and say,
I think in the end we will form the sea
I say also another also the last line
The last thing is that everything from the environment is connected.
Why
a
There is also a case where you move from a contaminated place to an unprotected place.
Briefly Yes I can not I originally that curb the pollution
That's why is the coin Yes you say street to say Datte primary guy useless
Yes Thank Yes Thank you very much, Mr. time